This review contains spoilers for Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni and its sequel Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni Kai marked with “[Spoilers]”. The parts unmarked by the spoiler tag contain spoilers for the first arc which consists of the first four episodes.
"There is no way to avert tragedy. There is no choice but to give up. But don't give up. Only you can stand up to this". 
The first season focuses on giving the audience the sense of paranoia and doubt. In contrast, the second season is about trusting your friends and defying fate.
Higurashi’s story is its main appeal. At the beginning of each arc, all of the characters are laughing and enjoying their happy days; at the end, they’re at each other's throats.
Through explaining the structure of the show, the ending of episode 4 and the beginning of episode 5 will be spoiled. The story centers around a group of friends in a quiet village called Hinamizawa.

In the first episode, the protagonist - Keiichi Maebara - visits the junkyard with his friend where he discovers that a brutal murder occurred in Hinamizawa where the victim’s body was dismembered by a group of people. More importantly, that one of the perpetrators hasn’t been found. The audience also learns of the Cotton Drifting festival in which, for the last 3 or 4 years, a murder has occurred with the disappearance of another. The locals attribute this to “Oyashiro-sama” - a deity of the village. If one upsets this deity, then they will be punished accordingly. 
Spoilers for episode 4
At the end of episode 4, Maebara Keiichi claws at his throat and kills himself not before murdering his two classmates - Rena and Mion. However, in the next arc, all of the characters are brought back to life and are all friends again as if the events of the previous arc never happened. All of the events are locked in a time loop which all occurs in June 1983. In each arc, something slightly different happens that triggers a different character’s violent tendencies. The first four arcs of the series are called the “question arcs” which, as the name suggests, create questions; they provide very little information in relation to the other arcs. The audience is left with the fear of ambiguity.
Initially, they all appear disjointed but they are all more connected than we are made to believe.. These arcs put the audience in the position of the detective. This compels the audience to have a more intimate relation to the story.  We might believe some information to be true - only to be denied by another arc. The pieces are all there; we just need to figure out if they connect, how they connect, even if they are real - or part of some character’s imagination.
Each “question arc” has a corresponding answer arc that answers the questions by giving the protagonist role to a different character. As such, they are naturally less horror based but they still offer value in that area. The audience vicariously feels the character’s descent into paranoia.
The “Slice-of-life” element creates a major tonal dissonance with the later parts of the arc. It is jarring but that helps create uneasiness. The audience is conflicted between indulging in the enjoyment and being cautious. They do not know when someone is going to go insane. The audience themselves can feel the character’s paranoia. 
Preview of the end of the arc
This is done to make the uneasiness of the situation (the horror) be about how they got to that point - how those great friends who laugh all day come to murder each other.
It also works to plant that seed of doubt about the information that we are given.
It’s not really a matter of what happens - rather how it happens. 
Higurashi is more appealing because of its psychological mysteries rather than its horror.	
It meshes the mystery to create the horror. The horror is usually scary because of the mystery.
As Glass Reflection said in his video, the iconic shot where Rena is walking back to the junkyard with a cleaver in the first episode is scary because of the mystery. The dam proponent was killed and his body was dismembered. Rena walks back to the junkyard with the cleaver in her hand. With this being all the information presented, the audience can reach the conclusion that Rena is involved.
These moments where we feel the exact same amount of dread and unease of the characters, where we think through the exact same process are the focal point of Higurashi’s Horror.
In this instance, it is carefully done to make us suspicious of everyone in Hinamizawa. Even though we learn that Rena probably isn’t involved because of her alibi of not living in Hinamizawa which is later confirmed by Ooishi, we still feel uneasy and suspicious. We may even be suspicious enough to not believe in Rena or Ooishi. [Spoilers] In that latter case, we become victim of Hinamizawa Syndrome. We become suspicious of our friends that, as the theme of the show explains, we should learn to trust.
The horror is built upon the fear of ambiguity. The audience does not know which information is right, what is actually going on, who to trust. For most of the question arcs, we don’t even know what the threat is. 
The audience is led to think they know the characters. They think they know that these characters are gentle, kind people and we have no idea what is causing them to descend into this paranoia. 
This pales in comparison to modern horror which, unfortunately, usually relies on jumpscares. Of course, someone would get scared if something that had no indication of being there previously is suddenly there. However, that isn’t effective. It doesn’t keep the audience up at night and force them to sleep with a night light for the next month.
In conventional horror, it is obvious that a character may or may not die based on their screen time and development. However, in Higurashi, anyone’s head is fair game. In the second season, where there are no previews, the audience doesn’t know who will die, how many more times they’ll have to try, how much they’ll suffer - just that they will reach the light at some point
Higurashi Kai discusses defiance against fate and learning to trust your friends
This creates a huge tonal shift in the series that some people did not enjoy. It is a lot more somber and emotional - rather than horror based. The defiance against fate is hyperbolic in the ending theme. Throughout all the time loops, the characters have struggled and failed to try and reach their happy ending. In all of their attempts, they have failed and met tragic ends. However, there will always be a light no matter how dark the tunnel is. 
The Characters of the show are also very compelling
Keiichi comes across as a generic harem protagonist. This makes at least one characteristic about him relatable which helps the audience vicariously feel his descent into paranoia. It also makes the Slice of Life sections seem as though they were taken from a bad harem anime - which actually works to show’s aid since it is easier for the audience to indulge in the enjoyment when there is no paranoia. He goes insane over doubting his friends which leads to, sometimes, exaggerated reactions. However, he shows face when the situation calls for him. Throughout the second season, he actively works against what he would naturally do and takes the best course of action.
Despite all of the hate Satoko gets, she is a well-written character. Her young and childish behaviour is a persona to block out her dark past. The disappearance of her older brother and her uncle’s abuse have traumatized her. She has a lot of pride for her brother and she feels guilty for his disappearance. Her pride forces her to endure the pain so that she can atone for all of the problems she caused Satoshi. 
[Spoilers] Rika is one of the few characters who actually have a character arc. As such, she naturally has the most development. In the first season, she is the most mysterious. It’s clear she possesses knowledge of the time loops but the audience doesn’t learn much about this until the second season. Her character shifts from the overly adorable little girl to an old nihilist. She doesn’t believe that there is anything to do than trying again. However, she does not have hope. Even though she does not have Hinamizawa Syndrome, she ironically doubts her friends the most. Interestingly, she is the only character who does not develop this paranoia. Like Satoko, she puts up a facade of cuteness. Whenever the situation is tense, she says, “Nipah~” and the situation is quelled. This is her scapegoat out of any situation where her friends might gain too much knowledge. Throughout Higurashi Kai, Rika’s journey is to have faith and trust her friends. 
Hanyuu’s character was not explored as well. She also has a character arc but there doesn’t appear to be any other purpose other than offering emotional support for Rika. The audience knows that she suffers as much as Rika but it’s harder to empathize with her lack of hope - especially when Rika buys into the idea of hope in the middle of the series. 
The Sonozaki Twins are also compelling characters. Mion portrays herself as the super up-beat tomboy and Shion portrays herself as a sensitive and feminine. The second question arc and its answer arc provide the most development and characterization for them. [Spoilers] The characterization of Mion is almost tragic. In all arcs, she is a very dependable person who is very loyal to her friends. She didn’t do anything wrong. Shion’s impersonation of Mion are a complete injustice to Mion’s kind soul. Shion did everything to reach Satoshi but she couldn’t reach him. While she seems like the most gentle of the group, she is the most volatile. The audience is led to sympathize with her injustice. However, her insanity of those events causes her to doubt everything. She doubts the love for her sister that has been festering since young. She is driven so mad that, as Rika kills herself, all she does is laugh. She stabs Satoko many times to her death. She also psychologically tortures and kills her own sister.
































Other scenes worth discussion include [Spoilers]:
Rena “Uso-Da!”	
This is the audience’s first confrontation with Rena about Keiichi’s doubts. 
Satoko’s Death
Up until this point, the audience has learned most of Satoshi’s story. Satoshi was working to buy a bear for Satoko but seemingly disappeared - supposedly at the hands of the Sonozaki family. Shion believes that Satoko and Mion deserve to be punished for not helping Satoshi enough. 
Episode 22/23: Rena Ryuugu’s once-in-a-lifetime story endeavour
In the preview of this arc, the audience is led to believe that this scene is the end of the arc. The form of previews up until this point has been the conclusion of the arc. Even though this scene appears very early in the arc, the second episode, the audience has reason to believe that one of the characters will go insane. Rena’s monologue and the fact that her violence has already been triggered make this seem plausible. It’s eye opening that, despite the fact that Rena brutally massacred two people, her friends still reach out to her. Keiichi recognizes that Rena’s actions were atrocious and unacceptable but, as her friend, he accepts that. They trust her enough to forgive that murder. They trust her enough to hide the body, forget that her hands are bloody, and play with her. This begins the discussion of the themes of trusting your friends. So far, all of the murders only occurred because someone doubted the friendship. This, seemingly, evaporates all of that doubt. Their bonds are thicker than blood.
This makes the fact that Rena succumbs to Hinamizawa Syndrome depressing. 
Despite the sorrow tone in the main theme, it is played here which provides evidence for the audience’s suspicion that Rena might succumb to her paranoia. At the end of the scene, when no one is hurt, it conditions the audience to feel an array of emotions. The song now connotes both hope and dread at the same time.
In the proceeding scene where they dispose of the body, no one talks and there is no music playing. The only audio features are the cicadas crying. 
Episode 25: Keiichi realizes his sin


Higurashi Kai: Shion discovers Satoshi’s Condition


Higurashi Kai - Episode 26: Mion protects her friends


