= Day 1 =
1. There’s only a few minutes until homeroom. I have to head there right away.
3. Eat lunch in class.
1. Get a hold of myself and head back to the mansion.
1. About my little sister Akiha.
1. Go to the sitting room and talk with Akiha.
2. Go to sleep.

= Day 2 =
1. Greet Akiha.
1. Ask about Yumizuka Satsuki.
1. Go and look.
(Note: Choice 2 here “Don’t go and look.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 22)

= Day 3 =
3. Search around the city.
1. Go look for Yumizuka.
(Note: Choice 2 here “I can’t do something that dangerous.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 23 later in the day)
1. I like her.

= Day 4 =
2. Of course I agree.

= Day 5 =
1. Ask her why she transferred to this school.
2. Go to Akiha’s classroom.
1. Go to the sitting room.
1. Go to the detached building.

= Day 6 =
1. Calm down a little, then head to the sitting room.
1. Akiha’s current uniform suits her better.
2. Go and help Kohaku-san.

= Day 7 =
1. Still, I can at least say good morning to Akiha.
1. Go to Akiha’s classroom.
1. Talk to Ciel about last night.
(Note: Choice 2 here “..... That would just be a waste of my time.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 24)

= Day 8 =
No choices

= Day 9 =
1. ...... Go and determine my own fate.
(Note: Choice 2 here “No, I’ll stay at the mansion.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 25)
2. ...... I can’t do it.
(Note: Choice 1 here “..... I have to live.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 26)

= Day 10 =
3. East wing, second floor.
1. Take off my glasses and get ready to kill.

= Day 11 =
No choices

= Day 12 =
2. Take a breath, calm down, and then pursue him.
(Note: Choice 1 here “Pursue him right now.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 27)
1. ...... Stop.
(Note: Choice 2 here “...... I won’t let his words trick me.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 28)
1. ...... Chase after Akiha.
(Note: Choice 2 here “...... I can’t do it.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 29. Which is incredibly annoying. Seriously, even if you’re trying to see all of them for whatever reason, just skip this one. It’s not worth it.)
2. ...... I can’t do that.
(Note: Choice 1 here “..... Keep my promise.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 30)
1. ...... Give Akiha back this life. -> TRUE END
OR
2. ...... I can’t do that. -> NORMAL END
