= Day 1 =
2. ...... I’m curious, so I’ll go take a look.
3. Eat lunch in class.
2. Stay in school for a little longer.
1. About my little sister Akiha.
(Note: This choice only appears if you’ve cleared at least one ending)
2. Stay in my own room.

= Day 2 =
3. Greet both of them.
1. In the classroom.
1. This is just a bad dream.

= Day 3 =
3. Talk about the mansion.
1. ...... I’ll cooperate.
2. ..... Still, I can’t leave her alone.
(Note: Choice 1 here “I should be escaping after all.” followed by Choice 1 “I think I’ll go back to the mansion.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 1)
1. ...... Fine, but just for a little bit.
1. ---I should go check out what’s happening outside.
(Note: Choice 2 here “I’ll stay inside the room for now and keep watch.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 2)

= Day 4 =
1. I’d like to refuse, but---
2. ...... No, it’s still too early.
1. Dash towards Nrvnqsr.
(Note: Choice 2 here “...... It’s still too early.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 4)
2. I have to destroy the main body.

= Day 5 =
1. I can’t explain the circumstances, so I’ll at least apologize.
1. ....... Go into the city and look for her.
1. It might be Arcueid.
(Note: Every single alternate choice gives extra CGs)
(Note: 2 extra choices, for 5 total, that still give more CGs, only appear if you’ve already cleared at least one ending)

= Day 6 =
1. I’ll go into the hallway and talk to her.
2. Return to the mansion.

= Day 7 =
1. I should smooth things over with a cheerful greeting.
1. Go to the courtyard now.
1. Still, I’ll tell Hisui the truth.
(Note: Choice 2 here “No, I can’t let anyone know.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 5 after another scene)

= Day 8 =
1. ...... Do as Akiha says.
(Note: Choice 2 here “No, I have to push myself to see Arcueid.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 6)

= Day 9 =
1. ...... It can’t be helped. I’ll go with Arcueid.
2. Well, it’s because you hate me, right?
1. Go for the usual, take her to the movie theater.
3. Well, I have to question her about her hobbies, history, and her three sizes!
2. Look in the commercial district.
(Note: Choice 3 here “...... The school, perhaps?” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 7)
1. I can’t do something she doesn’t want.
(Note: Choice 2 here “I just... want her, that’s all.” gives you an extra CG and leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 9 on the next day)

= Day 10 =
2. ...... Still wait.
(Note: Choice 1 here “...... Return to the mansion.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 8)
1. ...... Still wait.
1. ...... Still wait.
2. ...... Wait here in the park.

= Day 11 =
1. Even if it’s useless, I’ll look for Arcueid.
1. I will keep my promise. -> TRUE END
OR
2. I will never forget Arcueid. -> GOOD END
(Note: Final choice only appears if you’ve reached the True End at least once)

= Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 3: =

= Day 1 =
2. ...... I’m curious, so I’ll go take a look.
3. Go out into the hallway to think about it.
2. Stay in school for a little longer.
1. About my little sister Akiha.
(Note: This choice only appears if you’ve cleared at least one ending)
2. Stay in my own room.

=Day 2=
3. Greet Kohaku-san.
2. Go to the cafeteria.
1. This is just a bad dream.

=Day 3=
2. Talk about Kohaku-san.
2. No, I won’t cooperate.
1. I should be escaping after all.
2. I think I’ll go back to the hotel.
1. ---I should go check out what’s happening outside.
