=Day 1=
2. ...... I’m curious, so I’ll go take a look.
3. Go out into the hallway to think about it.
2. Stay in school for a little longer.
1. About my little sister Akiha.
(Note: This choice only appears if you’ve cleared at least one ending)
2. Stay in my own room.

=Day 2=
1. Greet Akiha.
3. Go to the tea ceremony room.
2. This is, without a doubt, reality wrought by my own hands.

=Day 3=
2. No, I won’t cooperate.
1. I should be escaping after all.
2. I think I’ll go back to the hotel.
1. ---I should go check out what’s happening outside.

= Day 4 =
2. No, there’s no way I could take on a monster like that.
1. Dash towards Nrvnqsr.
1. I’ll bear with it for now and wait for my chance.

= Day 5 =
2. Try to deceive her.
2. Ask about last night.
2. Alright, I won’t eat.
2. I don’t care. I’ll nod.
2. It might be Ciel-Senpai.
(Note: Every single alternate choice gives extra CGs)
(Note: 2 extra choices, for 5 total, that still give more CGs, only appear if you’ve already cleared at least one ending)

= Day 6 =
3. An opening! I’ll surprise her from behind!
2. No, even if she hates me, I’ll go see Senpai.
2. Go to the tea ceremony room.
2. Senpai is dear to me.

= Day 7 =
1. No, let’s go to the sitting room.
1. Say it bluntly.

= Day 8 =
No choices

= Day 9 =
3. Go behind the school.
2. ...... Go eat some lunch.
(Note: Choice 1 here “Space out here in the classroom.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 12)
2. ...... No, it does matter.

= Day 10 =
1. Kohaku-san is in the way.

= Day 11 =
1. No, I have to turn Kohaku-san away.
(Note: Choice 2 here “...... I’ll just have her leave the food in here.” gives you an extra CG and leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 15 later in the day)
2. ...... But still, I want to hear her voice.
(Note: Choice 1 here “...... I can’t let her see me like this.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 13)
1. Escape forward.
(Note: Choice 2 here “Escape backwards.” leads to Ciel-Sensei’s Lesson 14)
2. ...... Don’t take off my glasses.
1 or 2, choose according to taste.

= Day 12 =
1. Obey Arcueid. -> GOOD END
OR
2. Don’t obey Arcueid. -> TRUE END
